Original Mod Creator:
	• Zeruel87

Additional content and testing:
	• ElPollo315

Bug Fixing:
	• tjk-ws

DevOps and Bug Fixing:
	• Patrick Wieth

Mapping and Testing:
	• Natertader2004

Bug Tracking:
	• NoahAllen522

Cameo uses the custom c# code from Combined Arms,
which extends the original OpenRA engine. The code
is very well structured and allows us to implement
many desirable features. We are very thankful for 
this codebase and highly recommend everyone to have
a look at this great mod.

Combined Arms developers:
	* Inq (Project lead)
	* Darkademic (Art & Balanace)

Contributors & special thanks to:
	* GraionDilach (C#)
	* MustaphaTR (C#)
	* Boolbada (C#)

Game assets:
Unless specified otherwise below, original graphics
are made by Zeruel87 and ElPollo315.

StarCraft sprites were extracted by the following
authors at The Spriters Resource:
	* ACE_Spark
	* TheouAegis
	* Colton
	* Ekoi

SimCity building sprites were extracted by the
following authors at The Spriters Resource:
	* Arima
	* PaperJorge

Authors of public assets from Project Perfect Mod:
 * DonutArnold
   * Scan animation

All assets from original games belong to their
respective owners.

Special thanks to the OpenRA developers for making
this mod possible, and thanks to all players of the
mod for continued feedback and support.
______________________________

Disclaimers:

StarCraft®: Brood War®©1998 Blizzard Entertainment,
Inc. All rights reserved. StarCraft, Brood War and
Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the
U.S. and/or other countries.

Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2©2001 Electronic Arts 
Inc. Command & Conquer, Red Alert, Yuri’s Revenge, 
Westwood Studios, EA GAMES, EA GAMES logo and 
Electronic Arts are trademarks or registered trademarks
of Electronic Arts Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.